[MM-61277] Allow selecting between private and public connection types (#881)
mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng: docs/config/deployer.md

This setting only affects load-test agent instances. It is meant for pre-deployed environments.

> ## ConnectionType
> 
> *string*
> 
> Defines how instances should be accessed. Can be either `public` (default) or `private`. 
> 
> This defines how the deployer connects to the servers and the connection IPs exposed to the user of the load-test tool in the different CLI utilities:
> - When set to `private` the deployer will connect to the servers using their private IP addresses, which means the **user must be connected to the same network as the servers via jumpshost/VPN**.
> - If set to `public` the deployer will connect using public IP addresses, which means the user must have access to the internet and **the servers must be on a VPC and subnet with internet access**.
> 

Reviewer: Thank you so much for the thoroughness on the docs <3 There's a small typo on `jumpshost`:
```suggestion
## ConnectionType

*string*

Defines how instances should be accessed. Can be either `public` (default) or `private`. 

This defines how the deployer connects to the servers and the connection IPs exposed to the user of the load-test tool in the different CLI utilities:
- When set to `private` the deployer will connect to the servers using their private IP addresses, which means the **user must be connected to the same network as the servers via jump host/VPN**.
- If set to `public` the deployer will connect using public IP addresses, which means the user must have access to the internet and **the servers must be on a VPC and subnet with internet access**.

```

*map[string]string*

Optional map of key-value pairs, used to tag all deployed resources in AWS. Check [AWS documentation on tags](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/tagging-best-practices/what-are-tags.html) for more information and best practices.

## ConnectionType

*string*

> Defines how instances should be accessed. Can be either "public" (default) or "private". When set to "private", instances will only be accessible through private IP addresses within the VPC.

Reviewer: These docs may be slightly ambiguous to someone that doesn't know anything about this. We should be more specific with "how instances should be accessed": who is accessing them? The user? The other instances?
